She was one among them, a thousand souls, swept and sweeping in corridors of concrete risen. This place was not set, not design, not stage. It was an endless structure, sprawling in natural might and fortitude across an endless chasm of wetland fields. It was a world of stone and steel.

Buildings crowded in towering might, amidst flashing lights without end or coastline or ceasing. And she watched it from behind glass paneled elegance, ambience in swelling jives as the faux wood of her utensils clicked over thin noodles.

Twelve stories up, by the east escalators, the second restaurant to the right, in the back corner booth, overlooking the train tracks, sat the woman Selene. She flickered sweet red noodles across her painted lips, watching as below masses swirled as ants. When she'd consumed in famished hunger from the porcelain bowl, drinking in gulping disorder the small cup of fish based liquid by her side, she smiled for just a moment. Heaven was here upon earth. And there reflected in the mirror by the far wall she looked to herself, the woman of black skirt, black lips, black nails, and silver shimmering eyes. Her wings were tucked away, hidden from prying eyes beneath the vest sheared from the night itself, and yet it would have made no difference in this world of neon and glass, upon the very core of stone.

On her way from the restaurant, down 14 floors of department shopping to reach the basement levels and the train access, she passed by hundreds like her. She detected it, radiating off of them, aura of the air, the magic wielders and unnatural creatures. Sorcerers passed her in brilliant pink frilling robes, ageless beings crept by in high black boots and with swirls about their eyes. Hundreds, thousands, countless, infinite, impossible, yet here.

In this artificial mecha, monitored by machines and regulated by unflinching mankind in all his rigid emotionless pause, lurked an endless abundance of the supernatural, the rejected, and the extraordinary. The extraordinary in every corner, on every cramped train car, in every towering building.

And as a result she was ordinary. Selene Corvus was ordinary.

And yet...

As she passed through ticket counters between a radiant woman in a double layered pink skirt, and a gentleman with a face carved of rigid stone and eyes aglow, she held in clutched fingers a thin opaque bag. Upon the train it hung upon her shoulder, sealed with a zipper left open just a crack. At the next station it shifted about in her gentle grasp, under the watchful gaze of her smiling face. And at last, boarding the final train the bag was not alone, two large suitcases having joined Selene, both stowed away in that stations lockers, and neither gaining the attention she placed on that, the thin bag perched upon her shoulder, zipper open slightly, and eyes of flashing silver watching all the while.

...

The first airport was simple, easy, near empty and abandoned as she waited patiently by the corner gate. At last it was crowded with the swells of people, yet she sat unmoving. Sweat poured from her, her hands grew weary and trembling, yet still clutching ever tighter to that, the thin bag.

At last did boarding begin, and she turned in attention, as boarding commenced for a hundred or so before at last her access group was called, and even then she stood slowly, moving to the back of the line. Her other two bags had been checked already, and slowly she went, the woman of black dress, clacking silver somewhere unseen echoing as her boots slowly stepped forward, clutched upon her bag, and drained as she was already boarded the fuselage of metal and plastic.

On her way to her seat, exit row, having underestimated the prevalence of magic in this place when booking the flight, she passed by several more qualified, more magic, more powerful. A high priest of the Praetor's church was on the plane, sitting in first class, champagne upon his glass, and skeptical eyes as Selene passed, emanating an aura powerful enough for Selene to taste. Another figure, a young woman with hair now a vastly different shade than she'd dawned at the gate, gave a curt upwards nod to Selene, a nod which she reciprocated quickly, moving in haste to her seat.

By sheer coincidence she sat alone at the exit row, the seat next to her, which should have been taken by another, empty, and free to place her bag of precious cargo, still clutching at the holds in tight unyielding grip. Then the plane was off, and she became simply another passenger. Another passenger in swells of agony and anguish.

Twice she rose from her seat, moving quickly to the open bathroom, vomiting in vile disgust without hesitation or warning. These moments were the only time she left the bag unattended, and always she returned quickly, desperate to then, with shaking legs and unsupported tilted head, enter the bathroom again, this time accompanied by the bag, locking the door to check the contents.

When she wasn't fumbling about the restroom she, a woman in stark makeup and gothic hues, lay in useless flounder, squirming impatient and uncomfortable. The thunders of the pressurized air pounded into her every sense, head compressed and aching under the might, as though some piece was stuck, clinging to the place they were leaving, etched and nailed into the ground. She refused to eat, only clutching and drinking greedily at ginger ale and sprite soda which made her gasp for air as though drowning, and outburst in painful squelches.

This woman, mysterious and resolute, sitting by the gate hours before takeoff and on a mission so intent she dared not move from her spot until boarding had commenced, had been reduced to a hysteric shell.

Once though, several hours still to go, she began to drift into unconsciousness. And there, as she did, darkness began to swirl around her. A spiral of blackened feathered wings unfurled for just a moment beneath her vest, the angelic folds being blurry and out of focus to those few that saw, appearing as though shimmering mirages of delirium. At once the lights seemed to swell, then settle, plunging the central cabin into a calm darkness, and from outside the windows of the sealed cabin something began to glow. A tremble came over them, a momentary blip the pilots could not explain, as all at once the vessel appeared to ascend unexpectedly.

Then in fluttering fury she awoke, Selene's eyes snapping open. The mirage vanquished from the eyes of the onlookers, her wings gone, hidden away, and the plane operations soon returned to as they had been before, save for her, Selene, now awake with a stricken horror and clutching ever more feverishly at the bag upon her side.

From then on no incident befell them as the plane descended for landing. And as Selene waited there, exiting the plane under her own trembling ungraceful power, forty minutes standing in silence in a far longer line of far more homogenous people than she'd quietly grown accustomed to, not once did she speak nor flinch nor lose grasp over the bag.

In a cracking dry voice she spoke to a customs agent, the both of them dully bored and in silent shared exhaustion.

"Nothing to declare," and with her bag she walked through. And now freed from her expedition she ran, dashing towards the well grounded restrooms to throw herself in a stall, and check the contents of her thin ruffled bag.

And there, drawing from the bag, she pulled them, two small creatures, fat and squirming lively. One was blue with streaks of white, the other black with streaks of yellow, creatures indescribable to the human mind. They were fat and slimy as frogs, with tilting and freezing still heads with fanged mouths agape as lizards. Their tails stood still as stone, sharpened to points as stingers, and their fat lumpy bodies gave way to long and looping curled webbed appendages too thin to properly support their forms. They heralded no wings yet, but two sprouting nubs protruded from the creature's backs, as these beasts, no larger than the toad like creature's they vaguely resembled, their round black eyes currently more forward facing in this infantile stage, would one day sprout wings apocalyptic in nature. But these were as tadpoles, born in the hundreds, surviving only in the handfuls of creatures soon to be far grander. For these were dragons.

"Hello my precious ones!" Said she, Selene, courier of this, a mission unique, undertaken by an unexpected and unexplained hand. "We're home at last."

