It was at Miralia's, sipping a cold lemonade, while I sat content admiring the risen sun, that my long forgotten hell spoke to me. The sun was a strange entity, weakening my power, though not nearly to the extent that rumor and mythos have reported, yet ultimately even more dangerous. The sun doesn't kill my kind, but in daylight we are mortal. Mortal as the rest, no powers to aid us, and targets smeared across our crimson eyes. And yet truly, that sun is beautiful.

"This seat taken?" he asked, a stranger, motioning toward the empty cushioned chair across from my circular table. I'd been to Miralia's many times before, and this was the only table that wouldn't wobble, solid and firm. It was also one of only a handful with one person sitting beside it, in a pink and sunny streetside cafe far too popular for the cramped and cozy interior. I could see why a stranger would ask for that chair.

"Go for it," I said, flickering a smile of fanged teeth before in genuine joy introducing myself, the smartphone I'd been mindlessly scrolling through put aside. "I'm Vera."

"Reynolds," was all the figure said, gruff and hoarse. He sat, his thick black leather jacket folding in odd rippling ways over a simple white shirt and scuffed black jeans. Everything about the figure's clothes seemed one or two sizes too big, dark black shades balancing precariously over his nose. And yet the figure himself was large. Not quite matching in height to my own titanic six foot five, but tall enough, and filled in wide, broad shoulders in that instance making me feel by comparison petite and feminine. He was older, a chiseled and gruff look to him, defined angular jawline, discolorations and scars along his hands, and yet there not a single wrinkle or hair to any part of his skin, save for the swirling of well kept amber brown atop his head.

It stared at me intently, food untouched, suspended by an unwavering and steady hand. A hand which after a moment placed the food down upon the table, and lay limp, as though dead.

"So, Reynolds..." I began in unflinching optimism. "I'm an amateur programmer, I work as a freelance journalist, I use she/her pronouns, I'm 22 years old, and I came out to Miralia's today to enjoy what I consider to be the best lemonade in the world! So, why don't you tell me a bit about yourself?"

It stared at me. That thing of the abyss stared, eyes boring through me. And all it once spoke the words of devils.

"Vera Marston-Morris, the final victim of the vampire Vivian Botch, the son of John Morris the New England admin of supernatural defense, the groomed abomination heir of Emico Hetzel the White House liaison to the supernatural, you are nothing so ordinary!"

Its words boomed, and in that moment, in mania, the only thing I could think to do was smile.

"Is that supposed to scare me?" I asked in glee, stooping forward to learn over the table, my face inches from the form of the figure so serious in his delivery. "Because from what I can gather, you don't even know my deadname!"

Reynolds hounded forward, the cold clench of his hand clasping in unfeeling grip strength over my arm. The joy drained from me immediately, panic swelling. My heartbeat thundered, the folds of my shirt tightening and seizing around my chest. With eyes darting I watched the other customers chatting in oblivious distraction, wondering if I dare call their attention to the scene. Surely, surely this being wouldn't dare make further moves here?!

"The night of Vivian's attack on your life," it began, the voice of Reynolds seeping without restraint into my ears. "What do you recall?!"

I stammered at this, eyes averting, hand squirming to get away. And yet his grip held tight and fast.

"What do you recall?!" he barked again, voice but a hush whisper, my ears the only vessel of interpretation to be joined with them.

"All of it! What do you want me to say?!" I protested. With my spare hand I reached into the folds of my coat, fumbling around for an escape. Always, always I was equipped with something, my collection of artifacts abundant, and as such I always came armed. If I needed to I would attack.

And yet it was the customers, those innocent souls around, for whom I feared most. With emotions swelling I restrained myself, yet clasped my free hand to the base of my shirt, where I felt the void sheath, its weight having gone almost unnoticed over the years. Comfort came to me at the feel of it, and now calmed I faced my accuser, eyes ablaze in red.

"What do you recall of the conversion, and the events before and after?" came the voice demanding of me. "You were but a child then! What do you recall! What did you understand?!"

"Everything, all of it!" I protested, grinding in my throat to keep my voice quiet. "What are you getting at?! I remember it all, from start to end!"

"Did you realize you were being converted? Transformed into what you are now, a vampire?"

"Yes," I answered back, voice steely and firm.

I didn't elaborate. Didn't tell the pain I'd felt, anguish in the moment. The misery of my humanity slipping away. The permanency of it all. What was done was made solid in my legacy, and from that day I'd never walk the earth the same again. Trauma, trauma had consumed me. The shell, the second life, the first life wasted and withered, never coming again. Most souls never live after death. And in all honesty good for them. For that pain, of living on after death... that is agony. That is fear. That is hell. My hell. Everyday, fighting for a heaven that will never come.

Fighting for a heaven that in all right 'ought to be mine, yet is gated from me.

Gated by insolent pricks who want me to show mercy on their souls!

Damn it all, don't you know the hell you put me through!

Something wicked and putrid so as to resemble a tear clung to my reddened eyes, and yet I said nothing of it, blinking away the anguish as I stared eye to eye with this figure, this stranger before me. This stranger who I'd never shared in joys or sorrows, and who'd never known or cared for me, sitting now as my accuser about a fact thirteen years transpired.

"Did Vivian drop the Partition?! Did you see what she did with the Partition?!" Reynolds' words came desperate now, the object of his desires coming into focus.

Not the wound inflicted on my neck! Not the blood flow and loss and the anguish of death! Not the fight and the rage burning in me to stay alive, destabilizing a peace never again reconstructed! Not the visage who walked so far from trauma upon her own feet! Not the one who stood now, as more than a visage, soul reborn, second chance at life!

No... he wanted the Partition.

"The fangs of the vampire..." I murmured out in a daze. "Vivian's device..."

"Not merely the fangs of any vampire!" Reynolds barked. "The fangs. His fangs!"

"No!" I replied, stern suddenly, in sharp retort, my dulled senses flashing back to me. "The fangs were Vivian's! She constructed the device herself, based on the one you're referring to. Vivian's device, the Partition as you called it, was her own fangs, no one else's!"

"The tool requires a host to contribute their essence, and that host must be vampiric. But Vivian was merely the host, the fangs..."

"The fangs were analyzed by Emico for that very thing!" I snapped, emotions shuddering in my voice.

"Emico Hetzel seized the partition?!" Reynolds questioned. "How do you know this?! Who told you?!"

At this moment he seized my arm, as about me swirled a thousand memories never truly forgotten. Details of the night came flooding back to me in a chorus, and in a daze I stood, towering over this stranger who dared to accuse me of that hellish damnation.

"Because unlike you, I was there!" I answered. "I watched Emico take it, and I spoke with him after! And now... now I'm leaving." I felt with my other hand the void sheath.

But in that moment it turned to me, Reynolds looking up to me eye to eye. Then he smiled, a simple twitching of the face without a change of emotion.

"No," he said, and from his hand, his other hand, appeared a cylinder of metal. I recognized it immediately, the custom round, the mark of my father.

Holy and blessed as though holy water by the pope himself, constructed in alloys of silver and gold, marked in ancient runes, and designed to be chambered into an enchanted arm, this one I knew immediately from its disappearance years ago. Only one round had ever gone unaccounted for in my father's care, stolen without trace from the gun itself sometime in a vast period spanning months, this bullet I knew well.

Reynolds looked to me, its eyes unwavering, unregistering, not hateful, not hungry, simply looking as facilities of sight and nothing more.

"Vera Marston-Morris, you will sit," he instructed, hand still clenched about my wrist. "You will sit here, with me. We will enjoy a lovely meal. And while we eat you will tell me about the Partition." He said the words as though unable to fathom any recourse, and there in them I felt pangs of it, sorrow, despair.

I felt no hatred, only fear. Fear that my choices had become so little so fast.

I wasn't sure exactly what his threat was, but the threat itself was clear. Whether he intended to fire that weapon at me, one of few weapons that could harm me even at my strongest, or whether he simply wanted to show that not even my family's securities could protect me, I wasn't sure. And yet I sat, not willing to face such.

"Good," he cooed. "Now tell me," he began anew, the thunder of my heartbeat wrapping around my ears. "Where is the Partition? Do you know what happened to it that night?"

I knew.

I knew damn well.

Because it wasn't about what happened that night.

This creature of the unfeeling night was asking the wrong damn questions!

Fuck what happened that night! The night after! All the nights after! That's where it all came into focus! That's what mattered!

It could see me and it asked.

"It must have been awful. All the pain. All the suffering. I'm not your enemy Vera. I'm really not your enemy. On the contrary, I want to help you. Help you overcome this pain. But you must tell me where the Partition is. That's the only way to put this pain behind you."

"Pain?" I asked, feeling my form shifting, my clothes rippling with the flurry of wind now swirling about my mind. "What do you know about my pain!" I shouted.

From the void sheath I drew a blade, pulling, out of what should have been nothing more than any empty scabbard underneath my pants leg, a sword from the ether, curved stainless steel, and swung.

My single gash severed his skin, split bone, and fractured into the one good table in my paradise, as it cut down and through, separating this horrid figure from the hand still clenched about my wrist.

Eyes of the room fell upon me, in glares of furious and hateful astonishment, and yet I was unyielding, upturning my sword and standing tall to challenge my harasser.

He simply sat there, eyes wide in wells of deepened sorrow, as he looked toward his severed appendage, not processing what he saw.

"You cut my hand off," he murmured with great pause, voice meager and weak. "You... you cut my hand off!" He said again, voice filled with a tremble. He looked at me, fear in his bulging and swelling eyes. "Please!" He groveled at once. "No more!"

I held no hatred for him, and in that moment weight crashed down upon me. The blade slipped from my hand, disappearing in an instant from my grip and returning to the void. I stared, and in that place a new fear crashed upon me. A genuine fear that I'd taken it too far. That I had just committed an act vile, wicked, and horrid.

"I... no... I... you..." I began to stammer, looking at this shell shocked figure before me. "You grabbed my..."

Clarity snapped into the figure's face. Reynolds acted, lunging with inhuman speed.

Something slammed into me, not the force of a solid impact but something more. The force of air being displaced, the fluttering of an inferno of heat, the pricking of stone piercing and whizzing past. In the space of inches between myself and Reynolds, an eruption of energy had burst forth.

A ghastly feeling of weightlessness overcame me. I was thrust backwards, tumbling, as about me raged smoke and fire. Pain, genuine pain, pierced into my sides, as the dams of my eyes broke, and wells of tears streamed forth.

I screamed, my voice echoing shrill and without control.

The customers were gone, those innocent souls in panicked haste dashing for cover as I was pulled from the burning wreckage by a cold dead hand. The hand of Reynolds clasped me tighter. The hand I had just severed, now gripping stronger and thicker than before.

"Vera," he said, voice only, words, no emotion. "This can all end. You don't have to suffer. Tell me. Tell me where the Partition is."

And yet it couldn't end. And yet I couldn't tell him.

For I had the Partition.

It was given to me after that night all those years ago.

Not just the night following the incident.

Before that.

I'd had the Partition before that.

That was why Vivian had come for me all that time ago.

John Morris had taken the Partition from her. And seeing the threat ended, had given it to me.

And yet the threat wasn't ended. It could never end.

The Partition was mine, and the cost that came with it, before and after that night.

It was sealed away safe, tucked in the corner of the vault deep inside my own room.

A vault different from the vault Vivian Botch had burned down a house to breach all those years ago.

Only the holder of the Partition was in danger. But I held the Partition. And as such only my silence kept me safe.

I cried. In agony I cried.

I heard the stirring of sounds, yet could not open my eyes to see.

Then it was released. The cold hand of Reynold's released.

I collapsed weary and sobbing to the ruined ground, the ashes of my once sanctuary now burning in embers about me.

In that moment, I clutched at my jacket, feeling the scorching and tearing across the once fine and comfortable black. I cried there, the smell of smoke drowning my mind as I clung desperately to the last comfort of my clothes, knowing this was only the beginning. 

