For Nothing In This World

Destiny was written on that half torn piece of tablet, destiny to affect all the world. And yet the triviality of exactly how seemed to weigh heavily on me. The prophecy foretold that the era of men was at an end, and that all men were to perish in the upcoming fire we'd set out to prevent. And yet, I couldn't help but consider who was of that world of men, and who was not.

The world itself would survive, the destruction clearly limited in capacity at least to human kind if not restricted further still. The words seemed also explicit in that even men of supernatural persuasion were in fact, still men, no rescue for me or for anyone stemming from our abilities of supernatural origin. Why then, did it weigh heavily on me?

Perhaps it was for Enya, my beloved partner of several years, bouncing before me with luscious tumbling locks of silver. She turned to me at a crossroads in the narrow stone passageways, and signaled with a curt nod which direction we were to go, me affirming with a singularly raised thumb. Yes, perhaps it was for her that I wondered. She was perfection incarnate, a mortal form more loving and selfless than I had ever known. She was a woman, not of men so to speak, and yet, men could very well mean humankind in the contexts of old. Would Enya be safe? Would all women? Was it truly less than half the world that was in grievous danger?

I considered this question answered in my mind, having Emico's words ringing in my ear, speaking in high praise of Vera. Vera being another woman, one who Emico Hetzel had entrusted to help safeguard the world.

"Ironic isn't it?" Emico had said to me in passing. "A danger faces us, and so we send the best of our forces. Yet that danger faces only men, and the figure we send has rejected masculinity so completely."

Yet something about that statement had not satisfied my insatiability. For was Vera safe? Was she protected? Or in spite of her rejection, was she too in mortal coil? How could death distinguish so wholly between men and women? Could such a divide be driven in the breaking of a chromosome? Or was it in the balance of hormones that one became safe? How could the ancient seers of old distinguish sex and gender? Was Vera safe?

I felt a boiling shame rising in me as I pondered these thoughts. Vera was the woman who I owed my life to, my very existence. She was a beacon of unbending zeal, and she was always in my eyes a figure of the utmost regard. If ever such irrelevant concerns of gender touched my mind, Vera was always to me a woman, simply a woman, nothing less. Why would I become so concerned about her now? Why would such concerns as other's survival in the wake of the coming catastrophe matter so much? We were here to avert such a disaster. And should we fail I, as a man, would not survive long enough to witness the result. Surely, surely not.

Still, at the thought of it something swirled in my mind, some dark impulse surging, as though beckoning me through the dark chasms of my mind to something primal and wicked.

My thoughts returned to the present as Enya entered through the low archway, and I, following close, bore witness to the library chamber for the first time. I couldn't believe the sight of it, mind reeling to think that so large a structure had lay undisturbed there, beneath the pyramids of the Egyptian sand.

The prophecy had come from here, and since the words had been read detailing less than twenty days before the coming end, the labyrinth of shelves had been scoured by countless individuals, both of natural and supernatural ability. And yet much of this vast labyrinth still remained unsearched. Currently, as Enya and I passed between columns some 20 feet tall, lined in shelves with engraved stone tablets, the buzz of a half dozen figures echoed throughout the dark airy space. Among them I recognized two as Enya's parents, lost in their work and unaware of Enya's curt wave towards them.

Enya directed me through a series of interconnected columns and walls, until we were lost and separate from all other souls, hearing only the soft echoing of their voices. There, between two looming shelves of ancient texts, Enya directed herself towards one which had yet to be marked as searched, and I towards the other. I reached forward, and plucked from high above my head a tablet at random, turning it over in my hands as I began to read.

Emico had provided us means of translation, but still, the process of deciphering the text was slow and tedious. Still, I enjoyed the process. I was aware, distinctly and keenly, that somewhere deep in the newly uncovered cave labyrinth Vera was (likely in rapid pace) swarming through tunnel networks and passageways in a vengeful fury to stop the world's end, yet unable to find a devil to fight would be growing into sharp agitation. But in my heart I felt only that the key, secret answers to saving the world at large, must have been here, in the writings upon shelves and walls.

It was then I spotted it, nestled between stone slabs and crooked so strangely. At first I thought my eyes deceived me, and yet compelled I reached out, in daze grasping at the object of stained white. I pulled, and felt in my hand unmistakable paper, as with a flop the tight bound book fluttered from the shelf of the library. I flipped it over in my hands, riffing the side as I did, and turned the cover upon me. My eyes deceived me not. I held a book, not some ancient text or badly faded scroll, but a book, proper and modern. It was printed in a language I needn't understand, recognizing the cover as art only achievable with modern printers, a swirl of green and gold. I opened the pages and found myself on information regarding the publication and printing, my eyes falling onto the year of the text. This edition had been printed in 2013.

I sat for a moment, puzzled, as far down the corridor Enya was making her way through skimmed stone tablets in ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs. I simply stared at the text, and deduction flooded through my mind. We, protectors of the world, had uncovered this chamber only days before, and sealed it from the public eye. No one, certainly no soul trusted enough to scour this place, would so devilishly bring a book among the tablets, and stow it exactly here. To do so defiled purpose, and as such, it did not seem possible to have occurred.

Dismay then filled me, as I considered the alternative. Someoneelse had been here, infiltrating the chamber anytime from days to years before our arrival. With disoriented shock I moved on instinct, standing tall and tearing away stone tablets piled upon the shelf where I had found the faded paperback. My peculiar height gave me an advantage, and I could see upon the ledge what others could not, three other objects of bizarre interest catching my eye.

First there was a feather, black as a corvid's dreeped in nightly majesty, dislodged from the bird and laid in crinkled mass behind the tablets. The second was another book, paperback like the last, tossed upon its side, some pages having come unbound and falling out of the manuscript. This one was in english, and I recognized the year printed on the front. "1984", not the year of publication but that name of the story, Orwell's name underneath. But the third object, its glass screen and cracked plastic case painted in silver highlights, the third object was perhaps the most peculiar. And there, as my outstretched hand reached towards it I heard the cawing of a voice.

"Oh, uh, hi!" chirped a young girl, coming into my view as I turned in manic surprise.

"Uh... hi," I replied slowly, staring upon the figure of jetblack hair and smiling mischievous face, so strange in proportion to appear almost familiar, perhaps even almost familial. Yes, there was a strange resemblance to her, reminding me unquestionably of my own face when I was younger, yet so much more eager than I had ever been. "Enya!" I suddenly shouted at once, attempting to catch the attention of my beloved, standing over by the far corner, just on the edge of my sight. This, all of this, was all very wrong. No one so young, at least to my knowledge, had been assigned to this expedition, and yet the presence of a young girl here was unquestionable. Enya didn't respond, and instead the young girl interjected.

"I'm not Enya, I'm Nuck!" She blurted out.

"Yes... well..." I began, unable to get out another word.

"What do you think?" The girl called Nuck asked. "Do you like the books I've been adding to the collection?" And suddenly, all at once, it came to me.

"You!" I shouted. "You've been adding these books? These modern books?"

"Of course!" Nuck responded.

"But how?!" I blurted out. "Where do you get them? How do you get them here? And why are you doing this?"

"I just go into town, to a local store to buy them. And then I take them home, I do live here after all. And then I show her, and see if she likes them. Usually she reads them once, then tells me to throw them out when she's done because we don't have space. But sometimes I find really good ones that she really likes, and those ones I keep here, in case she ever wants them back."

Nuck spoke, saying the lines so nonchalantly, completely devoid of emotion. I could only stare, my mind processing the words. A thousand questions came to me, confusions, concerns, and something building in the realm of fear. Instead I only asked the most pertinent.

"Nuck," I began in earnest. "I'm looking for a prophecy, or rather one half of a prophecy. The other half was taken from here several days ago. Do you happen to know where it is?"

"Prophecy?" Nuck asked, tilting her head as she said the words. "I bet she knows."

"Who?" I asked at once. "Who would know?!"

Nuck's face contorted into a grimace, eyes averting me.

"Nuck," I began softly. "Please... show me. Show me where she is." Something in my words registered to her, Nuck's face lighting up.

"Okay!" She said at once, turning and in sudden motion sprinting toward the far wall. I moved to run after her, stopping at the last moment as I called over my shoulder, shouting with all my might. "Enya!" I called, hearing the voices of others echoing clearly through the corridors. "Enya, everyone, if you can hear me follow my voice! I think I found something!" No voice answered mine, instead conversations remained unchanged by my outburst. I turned and ran, sprinting after the dashing figure of Nuck.

As we ran suddenly Nuck stopped, skidding to a halt before a thick column which dangled with moss and vines. In fluid motion she swatted away the plantlife, and revealed a hole in the stone, just large enough for the short figure to dash through while standing. I however had to take pause, peering into the hole. The entreeway led into the hollow interior of the column, no floor below, only a straight drop into inky darkness. From far down below I heard what sounded like the fluttering of wings, and from a sudden upwards gust of wind from the opening came a sprawling of black feathers, not unlike those of the corvid I'd found wedged into the shelves with the paperback books.

I turned to look behind me, the sights and sounds of my surroundings now totally unfamiliar. Then, driven by the preservation of our world, I turned and leaped headlong through the hole, and tumbled as Alice down into the depths.

I emerged in a pristine realm somewhere between heaven and hell.

There before me was it all, having tumbled down a shaft into the foyer of a modern home. The coffee table was of purple stained glass and accentuated in gold. The chairs were in weaves of silver and covered in lavish pillows of pink. And there upon a marble stand was a television, glistening as though freshly polished. Outfits were strewn about the room, beautiful black dresses and a clattering of wedged heels discarded so carelessly upon the spotless white floor. A chalice of red liquid sat in a beam of light with unknown sources, and there upon the floor sat a dish of dark blue stones welded in gold, supporting a sliver of cake all white, and topped with a lone vibrant red berry.

And yet this place was abuzz with something dark and wicked.

There upon the carpets sat a bird of black, a sleek and elegant crow, and I knew without acknowledgement that it was Nuck.

"What is this place?" I asked, no answer needing to come to me. I stood in weary daze, and at once noticed the archway, the door upon the far wall, painted in oils of glistening reflective silver. "Who lives down here with you?" I spoke as I moved for the door, and still no reply reached me. I outstretched my arms, and there as I did I heard Nuck's voice speak again.

"I wouldn't do that," she said, as my eyes turned back to the crow. Instead it was Nuck as she had been before, human girl, streaks of black feathers falling from her hair and over her robes.

"Why not?" I asked, and once more she averted my gaze.

"She doesn't like outsiders," Nuck answered back, then in softer whispered tones something else, words I could only infer from but could not be sure of. Yet to me it sounded as simply, "especially not men."

Something in that only drove me further, and in righteous haste I turned to the threshold of the door, and opened it.

A figure greeted me, our eyes locking before I'd even passed under the archway.

Her eyes bore into my soul, she, the figure I had been warned of. Immediately I understood my place, comprehending the dire signals I had failed to heed, and stared eye and eye with the soul of unmatched power before me. She was beautiful and ancient, something devilish and primeval. She donned a dress of pure black, like those scattered upon the outer chamber, fitting in form to her and flowing long over her legs and shoulders. Upon her crossed legs were high heels weaved in golden spirals, and from her wrists shimmered jewelry of similar hue. She smiled behind blackened purple lips, and stared from eyes crested in shadows of dark mascara. And in high statured poise she sat, sitting atop a throne of stone, high backed and surrounded by a company of statues, depictions of men, six life sized forms petrified as though in the presence of the gorgon medusa.

I felt the danger here upon entering, a surging of something coursing through me as I looked upon this figure. I became suddenly and keenly aware of every presence inside the pyramid, could feel them, their vitality of life moving throughout the stone chambers. I was aware of how fragile that life was, all those forms, and could see in the confidence of her eyes that this woman controlled the destiny of them all, even my own. She could end them, kill us all with a single thought, and yet so unthreatened by her position of power she let us live.

"Who are you?" I blurted from my mouth before I could gather sense enough to draw silent.

"I am the goddess Anubis," came the reply.

At once I laughed, a great scoffing chorus, and though I made no effort to speak the words simply poured out of me.

"Anubis, if ever the myth was real, was a god, not a goddess. You are not Anubis!"

She looked at me, those eyes upon me, and voice ringing up in chorus she said her words so I may hear them again.

"I am Anubis."

With her statement came silence and folly. I felt the tension rise in her, the void where mercy should have been pulsating in her soul, as without flinching or backing away her lips turned to sneer, no tongue, forked or otherwise, visible between lips of brilliant fang. I felt the hatred in her, felt as though her elongated nails were by some invisible force wrapped about the arteries of my body, and she would not hesitate to kill me there. At once I fell to my knees, head bowed in a trembling wisp of fear as the reality of the situation settled upon me.

"Tell me," Anubis began, rising to stand over me. "Why are you here?"

"I..." I began to stammer, my mind reeling in thoughts of madness and panic, as I struggled to think of an excuse, any excuse, to wander so boldly into this woman's chamber, and accuse her identity. I dared not even consider the truth, as from my mind came a feeble lie. "I came seeking the one called Anubis, to swear loyalty to them and take up their teachings!" I proclaimed. "I was misinformed as to..."

"Dare you lie to me?!" she bellowed, and the resonance of her words sunk into the ground. In that moment the room seemed deprived of air, suffocating me where I lay, walls of stone tight. "I can see deeper within you than even your own eyes can!" She snarled, face then lightening. "Though the lie is well appreciated, and perhaps, now that it has been spoken, shall become binding in time!"

I felt my heart seize in me, the power of will for resistance slipping, regret swirling in my brain.

"Now then, again, why have you come to me?"

"A prophecy..." I croaked, a moment of weakness breaking my mind. "One half a prophecy, I came to find the other half." Her eyes went wide, this figure of power, my form watching with bowed head below, eyes straining to see hers looking down at me.

"Rise!" She commanded, and I obeyed without questioning, standing tall to be at eye level with the looming figure. She turned, the locks of her straightened hair tumbling about her, as she looked high above the throne of blackened stone, to there a tablet mounted in display, one end sheared off. I hadn't the knowledge to translate it, but I needn't to know what it was. "Nuck!" she snarled, the figure of Anubis emanating a violent fury in the annunciation of her words. "I knew she had the other half! Treacherous rat! Leaving it for the humans to find!"

One hand extended from her, the convulsing claw of Anubis, and from deep in the bellows of the chamber I heard it, the shrill eerie shriek of birds, crying and cawing out in pain. Sickness threatened to overtake me as my every form grew heavy at the sound of such agony.

But in a moment Anubis released her unseen grasp, and the crow song grew quiet, as though unheard.

"Yet she has in turn done me a favor in leading you here," came her words, turning upon me now with eyes aglow in greed. "For you have seen the prophecy, and you can tell me its contents."

All will was lost to me. I hadn't plan of escape or prolonging, no hope or chance of life. I had only myself, and the wrought panic about me, living in what I was keenly aware were perhaps going to be my final moments. Yet still the prophecy did not want to dislodge of me, and here I showed some resistance. But under the glowering gaze of this woman, this being not entirely human, with unblinking and unmerciful gaze, and form of hate and frenzy, I yielded far too quickly.

"The end of the era of men is at hand, a new age dawns for the earth. By the end of the month when these words are uncovered again, and read by the eyes of those who claim to be westerners, all men of this world, regardless of strength or valor, shall perish, unless proper action is taken."

The words sat and simmered there, in the air, when at last Anubis spoke again, repeating the dread line which had haunted my thoughts since first I'd heard it.

"All men of this world shall perish..." Anubis repeated, and with a cruel smile she returned to sit upon the throne, once again no tongue appearing from her mouth to lick her devilish lips. "Yes..." she said simply, turning away from me and reveling in the moment of a thought as her legs kicked back upon the throne. "Yes, I shall do that. Yes indeed, when I am freed on this night, loosened upon the world, I shall make those words come to pass. All men of this world shall perish! I shall make it so!"

It was in that moment I in consciousness knew what my subconscious had already realized, and dread filled me as I considered why it couldn't have been that I'd simply resisted and died there, standing for this world. I considered charging forward in that moment, rushing in anger and rage at the being of Anubis and making an effort, however feeble, to destroy her. Instead I stood frozen in place, unsure if I failed to act from my own cowardice or some supernatural force. The anger upon my face however registered with her, Anubis, and she smiled with something savage and heartless, now moving quickly to stand again.

"Whatever is the matter?" She asked. "Fret not, for I would never be so cruel as to kill you." Little consolation filled my soul upon those words, but in the moments to come something turned in me, a burning malice snuffed by the ice of my heart, thawing ever so slightly into something new, a long forgotten form. "For you my dear, you, whatever you are, are not a man."

I pondered her words with trembling lips and a trepid heart.

"What?" I asked her.

"I have known them, known them then as I know them now, though different names I see in your mind. The infiltrators of men, the cursed maidens, possessed in men's bodies but bearing the fruit of women's souls. Yes, yes I know them. And yes, you, you are somewhere of that kind, of that variant."

Her words broke me. Something tracing from my cheek as though in a sudden rush a well of tears had sprung within me.

I felt something. Something I knew should have been impossible at that moment, but I felt it nonetheless. I felt relief, happiness, and joy. Pure bliss of joy. A terrible crushing weight lifting up from my shoulders.

Anubis continued, and with each word I felt my feelings swell into something indescribable.

"I can not distinguish them all," Anubis continued, eyes upon me. "Some act as though in a state of flux, one moment of cursed men, another of women. Some are of neither, and some are of both, and some are born as women are born but brude the souls of men. And I, in my vengeance, can not afford myself the time to deal with them properly. But you can..."

My words failed me, and I heralded no response.

"The ascension requires a duality!" Anubis barked, as though in her words I should find meaning. "One who will be my equal, and will gain power as I gain it. One who will act as my guardian in the initial vulnerability of the rebirth. You have, wittingly or no, claimed your loyalty to me. For centuries I have waited for one worthy to find me here! Now, I learn that the prophecy telling of my rebirth is to elapse this month, and you, days before the end, have come to me here! You who can ascend with me, and stand as patron of your kind, protector and judge of those outside and across the lines of my war between the sexes! I will grant your their lives, even the lives of their families, even the men, who if any are deserving of your mercy are to be spared or slain by your command, and yours alone."

And here, with hand outhrusting, she grasped my figure, and I foresaw the vision.

A world burned in corvids swatching the sky. Darkness fell as drops of rain, poisoning the earth. Men melted to their touch, this torrent of crows flying tall as waves of a tsunami of primordial rage.

And there I stood.

Memories of my childhood flooded as I recognized the woman before me.

She was beauty, and hell, and revenge. She was justice, retribution, and peace.

She was me.

She walked, with black gown of silk flowing, through the desert planes, as about her swarmed the birds, ravens, crows, and something more primal. They cawed through the night, as storm clouds overhead parted to the beckoning wave of her hand. Her beautiful hand, adorned in ornaments I had never dawned, and sculpted in a way I had longed for.

I shot back, reality spiraling around me.

I was returned to Anubis, returned to the underbelly of the pyramid, and the glowing hidden chamber of stone that we occupied. And yet something was awry. Something wondrous was awry.

I felt it in my bones, in my hands, in the soft touching silk of clothes on my skin, and the stature of my height. Felt it in the movement of my form, registered in its very shape and structure, and processed in a swirling giddy feeling as the realization dawned upon me. Anubis smiled at me, once standing at equal to my immense stature, now standing only slightly taller.

"Rise," she said. "Rise my Siproites. Rise and take your place at my side."

Wickedness trembled through me, and in that moment my will crumbled. A possession of darkness ensnared me, and in a euphoric glee I resisted not. In that moment, for that moment, the goddess Lockett was born, and the soul I'd known as Lucien died there in my arms.

"The transfer begins!" Anubis called, the bite of her voice breaking the will of long dead souls, and there in that moment the world seized into stopping.

I was lost in that moment, no longer myself, some being, some form of malice and hate, no empathy. Gone without resistance I was. In a moment I panicked, something snapped inside me. Lucien stirred, not yet dead, and yet too weak he could not take back his soul. My resistance failed me.

The statues, six agonized forms of men, began to dissolve, liquifying and pouring in flecks of gray sand down to the feet of her, Anubis standing tall. Electricity crackled through the chamber. Wind howled through the sealed pyramid. Thunder rumbled, so deep and powerful it shook the earth itself.

"Finally!" Anubis shouted. "Finally! I rise to take this world once again! We rise! We rise to take this world of men!"

My now elongated hair stood on end, ionization rippling over my smooth arms. I felt knowledge and strength coursing through me, no empathy to stop my raging hunger and lust for bloodshed. I became aware of things, impossible things. I saw the swarming black clouds outside! The fluttering of ravens! The bringers of death!

Suddenly, I was in many places at once, as swarms of corvids descended on the world. I witnessed it, witnessed it all. The first hundred deaths, then the first thousand. None were safe. Rich men sealed themselves in their bunkers as the sea of destruction descended upon them, yet laws of matter, distance, velocity, all of it, were of no consequence. In the end they were all cornered and consumed by the specters of the dark. True to her word Anubis had left the unclear, the transitioned, and all those resisting the binary to me, and appearing in all manner of frenzied form, from a ghast of the night to a queen of the earth, I spoke in powerful tones from my new voice, and reassured all from the deniers to the inbetween that they would not be harmed as hell was raised against their oppressors.

Ten thousand died, and Lucien among them, my morals shattered, and I in the wreckage not caring. Two of the six statues had vaporized completely, the other four well on their way. It was at this moment I saw the limits of Anubis, the weakness and agony in her face. She was vulnerable, in pain and out of concentration, all her might going into summoning the swarm that was present. The transfer, whatever the transfer was, had left her weak, and I, knowing my role, was to protect her until she could stand again. I was not to let a soul near her.

It was at this moment that a voice called shallow and empty.

"Lucien?!" My beloved Enya called. "Lucien?!" called Enya, guided to this chamber by the corvid form of Nuck, now retreating down the corridor.

Enya stood, as my eyes of rage fell upon her, there in what was once the beautiful foyer, having descended the hollow column into the chamber and rising to confront me.

"Lucien what is this?!" She called, and her words were broken and empty.

I walked towards her, only malice in my heart. Lightning crackled off me, energy pouring from my soul.

"Lucien?" she asked tentatively. I raised a finger forward, feeling in that moment I could banish her with a thought, not destroy her as men were falling, but merely send her away, transport her a hundred miles in the time of a single blink. "Lucien?!" She called again, anger in this call rising. I prepared, hesitating for a second, then summoned my strength to act. Suddenly her eyes went wide, the eyes of my beloved as she looked upon me, saw me, saw straight into me. "... Lockett?" she questioned softly.

"What?" I asked suddenly, my heart thumping in my chest in tumbling uneven steps. Lucien was dead, resistance faded, and yet in that moment, I realized I wasn't. Lockett was alive, and she was no goddess. "That name..." I began. "How did you know that name?"

She smiled, Enya's brilliant smile, wondrous and joyful.

"I remember," she said. "Something you said, a long time ago. I asked you once what name your parents would have given you if you were a girl. You said you didn't know, but you liked the name Lockett. Something about that always stuck with me..." she looked at me, eyes rounded in swells of sadness, and yet joy all the same. Bittersweet she looked upon me, "oh Lockett..." she murmured.

It was in that instant awakening seized me. Blood poured forth in my veins and I saw myself ever more clearly than I had managed before. I was Lockett, and she was my Enya, and this destruction, this byproduct of my rebirth, was not my desire. I was in control here, not some shadow or projection of myself, not Enya, and certainly not Anubis. I snapped from my trance of apathy, and wielded on the figure of darkness.

Anubis, through the thick of concentration and agony, glared in devilish glow upon me.

We locked eyes, staring in silent understanding, knowing there would be no averting the calamity of our contradiction. I knew I could not turn back simply. I knew that all that was left of me was Lockett, and for that I was grateful and indebted. And yet I knew the destruction had to stop. I would permit this no further, my inaction already too far calamitous. My own personal demon, devil goddess of snarling spite and rage at a world broken, made the first move, blasting astride and true an inferno of flame.

It was everything within me to halt the attack, and with a voice shrill but undaunted I cried out in mighty response.

"Lockett!" My beloved Enya shouted, dancing through a chamber now lit with fire and fray. "Lockett, I'm here!" She called, grasping onto me, clinging so tight in her embrace I knew nothing in this world could shake her from me. "I'm not letting you go!" She shouted.

And with those words power anew flowed through me. There in that form I stood tall. There, as I was, stood Lockett, as the stone around us buckled, and we plunged into darkness. 

