In The Eyes of Distant Ravens

It was on a still October night, silent wheels turning beneath us as we drove through the silence of darkened trees, that hell's fury broke upon the shores of our world.

My father was at the wheel, my mother in the passenger's seat, and I cramped and huddled in the back, legs scrunched and pressed against faux leather seats. It was late, far later than could sit comfortably with primal instincts geared towards survival. The roads of inky blackness were illuminated by only our headlights, even the glimmering flames from curtained windows absent as we went.

My first clue to a disturbance came as my father muttered so, his tendency for murmuring having jammed his words into an incoherent mush, drowned out by the soft tones of the radio orchestra. Still I could tell he was agitated, as he pointed wildly through the darkness. My mother leaned forward, and in panic all at once at the nothingness began repeating the same words over and over.

"I'm scared! I'm scared!" she said, as I sat hunched and huddled in the back, only daring a simple glance as the pleading continued, nothing unusual hitting my gaze.

"What's up?" I asked nonchalantly, the question leveled in dull bored tones. My father turned to me, repeating only one part of his sentence as though that should illuminate all.

"It's gone!" he said, adding no further context to his words.

"What's..." I began to stammer, voice as soft and quiet as gentle steps underfoot in the dead of night.

The crackling of the bird, crunching of bones and snapping of beak, was not nearly so soft and delicate. A mass of black thwacked into the windshield of our hatchback, splayed into a carnage of feathers and red splotches with a mighty clatter. My father jerked the wheel, flicking side to side as our once quiet wheels screeched under us. His pallid balding hair grew slick with sweat, white knuckles trembling over the controls as he accelerated fast. He seemed content to fly straight through, drive undistributed by the mass of black and red smeared across his windscreen, if only in his hasty maneuvering could he dislodge it. In maddened panic he flicked at the controls, and in futile dance the windscreen wipers came to life, nudging at the feathers of the thing plastered over our one view of the darklight road before us. But the futility of the effort was known, and with a raucous screech we flung against our seatbelts as the car veered violently to a halt at the side of the road.

I squelched as my seatbelt dug into me, piercing jagged into my chest in painful sharp angles, having compressed an object in my upper pocket and drilled it into me. I pulled back, attempting to unfurl my cramped legs as my parents in hushed murmurs departed, looking to the beast which had obstructed our view. It was hideous, an avion of twice the wingspan of the largest behemoths I had ever seen, of all black and corvid features, save for a beak of brilliant gold, rounded and bulbous at the point as though fashioned for a weapon more for bludgeoning than piercing. And there it lay unmoving on our hood, as I opened the door, unbuckled myself, and with vast effort clamored into the wilds of the roadside.

Outside the car, the quiet evening was alive with bitter cold and the chirping of countless insects raised in chorus, the dull ever croaking frogs raised up in trill squeals as well. From the oxide and solvents of unfiltered air came something sharp, something bitter and acidic flickering into taste upon my tongue. My parents were of the mind of business, moving quickly to dislodge the avon from the hood, my father scouring splintered branches upon the ground for a suitable lever. I meanwhile had my ears turned toward the forest, the rustling of leaves now rising above the chorus of amphibians. After a moment my mother heard it too, turning eyes toward the night as my father pried a pointed branch under the wing of the avon.

"Do you hear that?!" She asked aloud. More aptly I'd felt it, and yet dread lodged so deeply in me I hadn't the meager strength for a response. Yet from the forest of black came a voice.

A lone caw ruptured the air, and rent us of our senses, as there from the night the majestic earth produced a crow, scuttling to sit atop the crown of our car. It cawed again, a virulent scream of bloodlust and rage which split the air as though a crackle not of thunder, but of branches breaking at the command of heaven's fire.

The wing of it, the avon mauled and mangled in flavors of death upon our car, twitched at the beckon of her command, an echo of the cries of earth. Even my father yelped as he pulled back, and I in shaking fits began to retreat from the shell of metal. The bugs of the night grew silent now, and only the frogs spoke in their hushed murmuring tones, as the voice of death sounded again in the crows caw.

"War!" it shouted with each screech of breath. "War! War! War!"

And with each rallying cry the bird slain upon our window grew less so. And with each order it twitched in life, rising as a salute over death itself, until finally it rose to stand atop its clawed feet, blood gouged about its every feather.

"Alex..." my mother began, turning to me with eyes of a sunken fear deeper than I'd ever seen. "Alexia, go back in the car!" she shouted. I stood there paralyzed, the motors of my feet only dragging me backwards. I shook my head in rapidity, strands of hair whipping about my face. I was not to enter the car, as safe as shells of metal and glass were, I trusted not the threshold. The threshold guarded by the beast, bird in build best measured in meters, rising in unholy stature. It opened its maw, beak cracked and broken, as blood trickled upon layers of artificial concrete. It sung in sweet raven song, no pain in the black orbs of its eyes as it transfixed upon me.

Then I saw her, standing there, amidst the blackness of the night, and all the world faded. She was beauty incarnated in pale moonbeams and swirls of dark clouds, dawned in a dress of black fashioned in frilled weaves of tar and slates of metal, sharpened and hooked razor blades hanging from sheaths along a bandilier of bone. She smiled with no wicked malice, but no patience either, as at once she began, with words uttered in the deliverance of commandments.

"Are they to be spared?" She asked, and I knew at once she would not ask again.

"Yes!" I proclaimed in fury, a pleading cry from my deepest heart, for what I knew not. "Yes, please spare them!" I begged, driven by the instincts of an animal so far lost and frightened as to run headlong into the beast.

She was gone as soon as the words had left my mouth, apparition vanishing as the remnants of a dream, as all at once screamed higher the tones of the raven-like beast once strewn across our glass. Beneath the tensing of his weapons of predator anger dissolved like paper our car, the feat of modern expertise crumpling in the outrage of the black phoenix, wings now flapping in fury as it struggled to heave into flight. At once upon its order the crow perched atop the vessel screeched its warcray up again, and bellowed into the hollow night. Even those amphibians and coldest creatures grew quiet now, as from this squire sounded the call of death.

"War! War!" she shouted, and from the forests came a reply. Dozens became hundreds, hundreds became thousands. The beast of a raven was lost in the frenzy, airborne again, vanishing without trace save for streaks of blood and crumpled glass where once it'd lay. And in the place of one came many, countless birds of black dotting the sky, blotting the insignificance of stars under a relentless swarm.

"Alexia!" My mother shouted. "Alexia, go in the car!"

I voiced no objection, flinging myself with haphazard caution onto the back benches of our vehicle, landing in such a manner that my legs stretched out before me, dangling over the second back passenger seat as I sprawled to my full height to feverishly close the door. At once my mother was before me, and my father in the driver's seat, engine roaring back to life at the flick of his metallic command.

We dared not drive as around us the night we plunged further into darkness. The swarming of blackened feathers ensnared us, circling high above, and landing to feast and fester on the blood stained hull of our metal protective shell. And yet, through it all we saw it, lights springing to life as houses flickered into being. Lights flickering on, swiftly snuffed out into darkness.

Around us corvids swarmed, a flurry of all manner, crows, ravens, and magpies alike, bustling in frenzied aggression unseen since the primordial eons of a more chaotic universe. They swarmed and rallied, snuffing from this earth all who defiled their will, rallied by one mind, one voice. The voice of one, a lone crow, screeching through the night.

"War! War!" it said. "But spare them! Spare those who have caught the eyes of the patron raven, watching through the night! Watching through the night, the end of this, the era of humankind!" 

