The dream began, as dreams begin
I face my fate, I face my sin
Death to Victor, death to him



He is not me, not me, never will be
I refute this, I am not thee
Speak of the dead, a deadname we will see
Listen to death, bring forth misery



He is a child, playing in globes of nature's gift
And the flicking swift swish of amber glyphs and fish
A child, and a betta fish bemused
A life, a death, which I've refused



From dark, where what reaches no light,
Comes forth creature, stalk of the night,
Unforeseen even in foresight
it hurts, it hurts, all pain, affright



Make it leave, make the dream stop, I don't want to relive this
There is nothing left of me to live, especially not that life, not his



As child sets fish and bowl in snow
He looks to see, what comes I know
"He will freeze outside" From above comes a voice
He will burn inside, comes the unspoken choice



To greet Emico, comes father from home
And as such transpires, I retreat in alone
No, not me who does! Him for whom we tome
As Victor he was, now buried to atone



As Emico leaves me
Rage, rage, I will not see
My father beside him
As evening lights fade dim



And I am left, nothing within



Please spare me my final breath!
As ever closer comes his death!
For him I feel this breadth!
Victor! Name as Macbeth!



No! For that broken soul I feel no rue!
Fuck Emico Hetzel! Fuck Victor too!
Fuck the liaison, the fuck did he ever do?
...
I've spoken to Hetzel since then
A once yearly check up from when...



From inside the dream, I hear a voice, my voice, calling out to me
"Run..."



And yet this is only a memory.



Fire leaps quick and unrelenting
Tinder burns as wick, heat venting
A child falls, hear his final cry
Victor is here set now to die



He runs upward from fire below
All exits block with smoke in flow
A soul of death now stands tall here
Rupture of reality and bringer of fear



Vampire of night
Demon in sight
Ghostly goblin devil alight



A woman wicked, her craving the flame,
her brood gang slaughtered, John Morris to blame
And that wicked woman, her soul left alone
Decided to burn John Morris's home



She did not know of the child
And as the manic tides of wicked and wild
Cravings and lust of the vampire spiraled
Victor Marston-Morris climbed debris piled

And thrust himself from a window ledge, at peace in death, life defiled
...
"No!" I heard her yell
I don't know how in hell
I will never know how I heard well
I will never know how I heard her words above tell



"Oh God no! What have I done?! Not like this! I didn't want this!"
Yet it was already done, and death was he, him, and his
...
She shouted in the graveyard of fish about me, standing over my broken body
"I'm sorry!" she said, her doing, as was all that occurred that night
"Please live!" she said, as fangs descended into me, the moon above in ghastly light
What should have taken months took minutes as the fangs of her device dug into skin
And through tubes and technology new life was brought to me, my beating heart to begin
And there in agony I lay, raised to earth, clawing my way back to the living
Yet Victor remains dead
...
...
...
I awoke, breathing heavily. I looked to the mirror, my face ghastly grim and pale, sweat stained and red with the flow of my own blood. It had been twelve years since that night.
I sat for a moment, resolve burning in my mind.
"No!" It said.
It hadn't been twelve years!
It hadn't ever happened!
Not to me!
Certainly not to me!
Never to me!
"I am Vera Marston-Morris!" I shouted.
A felt a twinge of something behind my eye, something glistening streaking in the mirror.
The mirror... yes... the mirror.
It was an ordinary mirror! Of course! Of course it was an ordinary mirror! Of course, of course! It wasn't specially forged by Emico Hetzel, liaison of the supernatural! It wasn't the sympathy of John Morris for the trauma of his only child! It wasn't an apology for the life who by tragedies chance they'd failed to save! It wasn't compensation to the final victim of the monster they'd gone out to hunt! It wasn't so I could put on makeup without being reminded of the pain! It wasn't the final visage of the self I so desperately wanted to see! It wasn't! It was normal! It was a normal mirror! Damn it it was a normal mirror! Please, why can't it be a normal mirror!
"I am Vera!" I shouted. "I am Vera!"
No, not Vera the vampire! No, not Vera, formerly Victor! No, Vera! Vera the damn ordinary woman! Victor Marston-Morris the vampire died years ago! I am Vera! Damn it I am Vera! Damn it, why am I not Vera!
I sat, shaking for a moment, eyes clenched in anguish, the silence of the night about me.
I opened my eyes, staring at the woman in the mirror, in the only mirror I could actually look into.
I took a moment of pause.
"I am Vera Marston-Morris." I said again, more calmly than I'd ever managed before. "As much as I wish I was human, I am a vampire. As much as I wish I was assigned female at birth, I am trans. As much as I wish my life had been normal, I did have something traumatic happen to me in the past. But I will not let any of that define me. I am Vera. I am myself. I am alive."
I collapsed onto the bed, letting the affirmations wash shallow and empty over me as I stared with insomnia stricken eyes at the ceiling. 

