The Girl Who Lived

Mr. and Mrs. Doe of number 10, Compiler Circle, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much.

Mr. Doe was the chairman at a company called Weekly, which laid cables and wires for electrical power. He was a short fellow with shorter hair, a nasally voice, and a face that never flinched, always dressed in a clean pressed suit. Mrs. Doe was nearly as tall, with sunken eyes under a smock of red hair, and wrinkled lips dotted in a soft pink lipstick. She wrote a column in the local newspaper, an opinion piece on the most sensible styles of dress, and tips for aspiring mothers. The Doe's also had two sons, Jeremy and Jason, and in their opinion there were no finer boys anywhere.

The Doe's had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and their greatest fear was that someone would discover it. They couldn't afford to let anyone find out about the Marston's. Mrs. Doe's sister and her so-called "wife" were as unDoeish as it was possible to be. The Doe's knew the Marston's had a child too, but they had never even seen it. That child was another good reason for keeping the Marston's away, they didn't want their sons mixing with a poor confused child like that.

That morning, half til eight, Mr. Doe brushed off his suit, pecked Mrs. Doe on the cheek as she collected the morning dishes, and watched as Jeremy sat with his head slumped over his tablet, while beside him Jason flailed and screamed, bashing his well padded touchscreen upon the wall. "Boys will be boys," chortled Mr. Doe as he left the house. But still, one of two boys troubled him somewhat, Jeremy was less active and adventurous than other boys his age 'ought to have been, but he shrugged it off simply as nothing a few hours in the backyard couldn't solve over their coming long weekend.

As Mr. Doe made his way by car to the edge of town, he couldn't help but notice that there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people about. People in dresses, and colors, and flannels, and makeup, and those insistent colorful flags. Mr. Doe couldn't bear people who dressed in funny clothes - the getups you saw on young people! Mr. Doe was further enraged to see that some of them weren't young at all; why, that man had to be older than he was, and wearing an emerald-green skirt! The nerve of him! But then it struck Mr. Doe that this was probably some silly stunt - these people were obviously protestors, teetering on the near brink of riot for something... yes, that would be it.

The rest of Mr. Doe's day proceeded as normal, weaning into the late hours of evening before one last unusual occurrence at the steps outside his office.

"Sorry ma'am," Mr. Doe grunted, near bowling over a young woman just outside the door.

It was a few seconds before Mr. Doe realized that the woman was wearing a pin, on which was a brilliantly colored flag and a pair of three letter words. She didn't seem at all upset at being almost knocked to the ground. On the contrary, her face split into a wide smile and she yelled with glee.

"Don't be sorry, my dear sir, for nothing could upset me today! Rejoice, for You-Know-Who is out at last! Even cis-hets like yourself should be celebrating, this happy, happy day!" And the woman hugged Mr. Doe about the middle and walked off.

That evening, at the corner of Compiler Circle, a figure appeared.

Nothing like that person had ever been seen on Compiler Circle. They were tall, thin, with dashes of yellow and purple through their black hair, cut short about their head. They wore a long gown, dangling earrings which swept to their shoulders, and high heeled buckled boots. Their eyes glowed in a luminous silver gray behind simple contact filaments, and their eyelids were darkened, as though covered in at least two different contrasting shades of mascara. This person's name was Epoch Corvus.

Epoch Corvus didn't seem to realize they'd just arrived in a street where everything from their name to their boots was unwelcome. They were busy rummaging in the pockets of their dress, looking for something, when they looked up suddenly at an item upon the ground. For some reason the sight of it, a toy stuffed animal shark, seemed to amuse them. They chuckled and muttered, "I should have known."

From the shadows of the forest emerged another, a simple and disheveled man in an oversized hoodie and baggy pants. The figure reached down toward the ground, plucking the stuffed shark from the earth and casually tucking it under one arm.

"Fancy seeing you here, Executive Hetzel," Epoch Corvus pronounced. "You know, you really don't have to hide away today, everyone's celebrating."

"Oh yes, everyone's celebrating all right," he said impatiently. "You'd think they'd be a bit more careful, but no - even the cis-hets have started noticing something's going on. It was on their news! I heard it. Frogs trending on twitter... pride parades... Well they're not completely stupid. They were bound to notice something. There's no reason to lose our heads. People are being downright careless, people out in the streets in broad daylight, girlmoding and boymoding without even trying to pass."

Epoch Corvus smiled, and in doing so at once it became clear where they diverged from others.

"And why is that a bad thing?" they asked bluntly.

"Because I fear for their safety!" Executive Hetzel responded. "You can't be so naive to think that coming out is the best for all these people! They'll be abused, disowned, down right hunted!"

"Yes..." Epoch responded, and in that moment they became serious, more serious than anyone should have been in the wake of celebration. "Yes, I suspect they will be, some of them anyway. But they are hunted either way. We have to trust each individual to know what is best for them. For some it is better to have us, to have today. Don't ruin this for them by reminding them the war is not won, and that we are still not safe. They know already. To stop their celebration now for fear of others' reactions is to become those who react badly. Let them have today. And let us hope that they all still have families to return to when the day is done. That's all we can do."

"And what of the Marston child?" Hetzel asked, his gaze on Epoch firm and steady. "Surely you can't leave them with these people!"

"No. No, of course not." Epoch Corvus answered, face contorting into a sly smile. "What do you take me for, an abusive old codger? No, these people are not fit to care for the Marston child. I've seen how they behave, how they treat their own. They'd likely do little but 'beat the devil out of him'. They'd probably lock them in a closet under the stairs, and I mean can you imagine the comments, and the visits from relatives. Can you imagine the fury and the incidents every time the child's nature, their true nature, slipped through. These people are smart, conniving even, subtle in their cruelties, but I have no doubt they would be too cruel. The Marston child is better off staying with John Morris than with them."

Hetzel's mouth was agape at this, paused and perplexed in wonder as he stared with resplendent joy.

"Oh thank fate, I thought you were actually going to suggest that the child stay with the Doe's. ... Still... if the prophecy is true, I would hate to think John Morris is perhaps too masculine to guide the child through this."

Epoch Corvus chuckled at this, their voice turning to a deep bellowing laugh before they turned to Hetzel with a gleeful smile.

"Hetzel," they began, "sometimes I think you still don't understand. It doesn't matter how alike parents and children are, in their wills, in their understanding. It only matters that they are accepting of those differences. A parent I wouldn't trust to raise the Marston child is one I would question to raise their own, and a parent I trust fully to raise their own child is one I'd entrust the Marston's to. Afterall, we have the benefit of prophecy and a voiced desire to hint to us Marston's true nature, but any child, even those currently raised by the Doe's, could be like us. John Morris is gruff and masculine yes, but I'd trust him in the utmost regard to raise a son, a daughter, or any other child, with respect, freedom to find themselves, freedom to get it right, freedom to get it just a little bit wrong, and without imposed will."

"So then... the matter is settled?" Hetzel questioned, weary as it dawned on him that Epoch was now once again staring intently at the plane brick building at the far corner of the circle.

"Nearly," Epoch uttered. "Settled in regard to the Marston's, but not in regard to the Doe's."

"What do you mean?" Hetzel uttered, "Surely you don't mean...Epoch, these people would be furious! We have every right to keep the Marston child, who's custody has fallen to us, away from them! But we have no right to interfere in how they raise their own! You surely don't mean..."

"I mean only that I have a feeling." Epoch's words echoed soft over the quiet corner of suburbia. "A feeling that those children have mountains ahead of them. Maybe not the same hills we've climbed, but raised as they are, I foresee difficulties in their future. It is not our place to interfere, but it is a reminder. A reminder of why we do what we do, and why the shadows must fade wherever it is safe to shine a light. Because this world is still not safe, we are still not safe. You're right, I have no place to force them to freedom. But I have every right to leave the door open, leave the path welcoming, because one day when those children are older, they may well take it. And in that moment I will have the right. I don't have the right to ask them. But I have a right to help anyone who asks of me. Help must always be given to those who ask for it."

"You've lost me," Hetzel said after a moment. Epoch smiled.

"Come," they said, dropping the subject at once as they turned. "Let us return home, and meet the child who lived. The child who's soul will be given the chance to continue living."

