I lay there, bloody and manic, laughing.

The smoke cleared from me, my eyes rising red, as the setting sun fell from the heavens, and there, in the ruins I muttered the name of my aggressor.

"Reynolds..." I muttered. "Reynolds!" I screamed with all my anguish.

And here I arose, vampire of night, herald of the dark, champion of paradox, the vampire Vera Marston-Morris. Disgraced child of vampire hunters, daughter of the night, the rending gash in reality hated with every spoken breath.

And here, looking about my smoldering form, smoke, rubble, and the remnants of a screeching I shall never forget, that shall forever endure, I felt the tears streak my face.

Called, as if from the dark, here in the night, my domain, they came, looking to me. Innocents, innocent people, those previously buried in rubble, emerging in hovels, rescue workers who'd discounted me for dead milling about them. They looked upon me, and how I stood, here upon the night. And here, their fear exceeded anything I had witnessed before.

And I rose.

Fuck all of them.

I rose.

"What are you?" The ringing in my ears began. "What demon are you? What freak of devil-spawn, what being of malice born, what hateful thing doth rise from death? What are you?"

And still I rose.

Rose from ashes that would swallow lesser men, and lesser women, and lesser souls and people of all kinds.

The vampire, rising in victory.

The vampire rising in spite of Reynolds, the true demon be damned.

None had witnessed him. All had witnessed me sever his limbs from his form.

And there they stood, in terror dread in dredges across their faces, eyes dancing like candle lights.

And there stood I, unmoving, only watching, eyes, eyes, all upon me. And there my soul gave from me, and I knew not how, nor cared not why, but my soul was shattered in such stifling ways as to drain from me all that was me, all that was vital, all that was alive. And there I staggered, all my strength about me not to fall.

All my strength, all of it, swirling, spiraling, blistering, flowing. Dark manic spirals, blood flowing upstream towards the feet of my black raised boots, clouds gathering and heralding the rising, the rebirth, the ascension. Commanded by the vampire, staggering, and struggling, to stand. The tears which wept from me gushed, gushed, streaking, streaming, pouring, gushed, black as the makeup about my eyes, falling as oil to the ground.

And the onlookers, these people, were my death, to kill me where I stood. And yet no matter how many times I fell, to whom or to what or the wickedness or the wretchedness, I never seemed to stay dead.

Why, damn it why, why can't I stay dead! Why must I be cursed, cursed into this life!

They approached, those fearful masses approached, and I would be their victim, ripped and splattered and living to feel every aching moment.

Bring it!

Fuck you all! Kill me! Slaughter me! Damn you! I will not yield! Damn you all! For I know I will live! But damn you all...

I felt his hand, felt it brush upon my own.

My heart leapt, as I spun, blood streaking from my maw and dripping from my fangs, as with wide startled eyes I looked to him.

His face was kind, just kind, so simply kind. His eyes bore into me, with somber souls but hopeful piercing gaze. I leapt at the sight of him, as he looked at me. And there, on those smooth lips, stretched a wild grin.

I needn't ask him to know. And yet I didn't know, couldn't know, and yet I did, even then.

"Vera," he said, speaking of all things my name, whispering softly from a voice which resonated upon my ears as the prelude to a great and vast symphony. He knew me? And I of course knew him!

"You're Alyster!" I exclaimed, the gravitas of my voice broken only by the creaking of my genuine shock.

"Come on," he said. "Let's go!"

Magic swelled from him. The wind howled, the storms pierced in a blinding spotlight of the luminous moon, shining straight down upon us. He flicked his arm back in casual mundanity, and in doing so the flick of his bracelets clanged in the wind, and there it stopped, the masses, the chaos, the very air. Time itself fell to his command. And there I stared at him in wonder, and him, his eyes, looked in brilliant pools upon me.

"I hate to ask this of you, but could you?" he began in kind. "I'm afraid I can't fly, and we're a little bit surrounded..."

The manic smiling upon my face stretched far and wide, matched only by my flashing eyes of brilliant red, as in a swirl of black, under the night's lunar form, I transformed at once, and surrounding him as mist and wind I enveloped him, embracing him, and launched with frightful force into the dark of the stars glimmering above.

And there, assumed my form, time resumed, and the vampire Vera was reborn once again. And he looked at me, eyes enough to make my heart flutter into nearly dropping us both as we hovered over the landscapes.

Moments before, in death and misery, I'd given in to myself. And yet, now here we stood, alighted. And here I only had one question, one simple question which must be answered.

"Why?" I asked.

"I came to see you." He answered. "Hearing your name in the Anubis incident, I knew now was the time for me to keep that promise." And in the inflections of his voice I began to swoon at once for his form, edged and swirling in the dark arcane as myself, yet swathed with something sharper and stronger.

And there it was as though I was that confused and desperate teenager again, writing letters to a name without a face, a pen pal on the other end of the globe, magic speaking to magic, about things that could not be explained but must become known. And there, something else touched my heart, my eyes piercing once again in somber grief. And there also I remembered. Remembered why I'd been blessed to stay alive, to endure all I had. It was not for him, and him alone, and yet his part was not trivial, nor unessential, nor replaceable.

"You meant what you said..." I stammered aloud. And there I grieved. Not for the word kept by him, but for the many words forgotten. Words promised to me to be far more important than a wishful whisper etched in paper years ago. Words that had been dropped under the gaze of my red eyes, where his words were written for them. 

